Idle Traffic Tycoon Privacy Policy

introduction

Private information refers to secrets that citizens do not want to disclose or know for others in their personal lives.idle traffic tycoon values the protection of user privacy information. When you use Iidle traffic tycoon products and services, idle traffic tycoon may collect and use your relevant information.idle traffic tycoonhopes to use this policy to explain to you the information that idle traffic tycoonmay collect (including collection methods), the purpose of collecting this information, idle traffic tycoonand how you protect the security of this information, etc. Please read this policy carefully before using all products and services of idle traffic tycoon, and make sure you understand our handling rules for your personal information. If you have any questions about this privacy agreement, you can contact us for consultation. If you do not agree to any terms in this privacy agreement, you should immediately stop using idle traffic tycoon products and services. Once you choose to use or update this privacy policy in idle traffic tycoon(idle traffic tycoon will prompt you to update the situation) continue to use idle traffic tycoon products and services, it means that you recognize and accept all of this policy (including the updated version) Content, and agree that idle traffic tycooncollects, uses, saves and shares your relevant information in accordance with this policy.

1. Information we may collect

2. The purpose of the information we collect and the rules of use

3. Information sharing, transfer and disclosure

Fourth, our information security protection

5. Your management of personal information

6. Protection of minors' information

7. Disclaimer

8. The scope of application of this policy

9. The revision and effective date of this policy


1. Information we may collect

Idle Traffic Tycoon collects information in order to provide better services to all users. The main sources of information collected by idle traffic tycoon are: information you provide to idle traffic tycoon, information obtained by idle traffic tycoon during your use of idle traffic tycoon products and services, and your information shared by third parties. The types of information collected by idle traffic tycoon mainly include the following:

1. Personal information

Personal information refers to various information that can be individually or combined with other information to identify the personal identity of a natural person, including but not limited to the natural person’s name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, Phone number etc.

When you register an account or use Idle Traffic Tycoon products and services, with your consent and confirmation, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonay collect the relevant personal information you provide, such as name, gender, age, date of birth, ID number, bank card number , Email address, phone number, mailing address, occupation, education level, etc.

2. Equipment information

Equipment information refers to the information of the equipment used when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon products or services.

When you use Idle Traffic Tycoon products or services, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill collect information about the devices you use TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonducts or services, such as device name, device model, device identification code, operating system and application version, language settings, Resolution, service provider network ID (pLMN), etc. This information can help TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonde you with better information display or product services.

3. Location information

Location information refers to the information about your location collected when you turn on the device positioning function and use the related services provided by Idle Traffic Tycoon based on location, including:

(1) When you turn on the device positioning function and use Idle Traffic Tycoon related products or services, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonay use GpS, WiFi or other technical methods to collect and process information about your actual location.

(2) Real-time information including your geographic location provided by you or other users. For example, shared information uploaded by you or others showing your current or previous geographic location, and geotag information contained in photos shared by you or others.

(3) If you do not want to be accessed, you can choose to turn off the relevant functions of the device or product/service, but this may affect Idle Traffic Tycoon to provide you with relevant services.

4. Log information

Refers to when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon products and services, the system may automatically collect certain information through cookies or other methods and store it in server logs. Such information may include:

(1) Detailed usage of Idle Traffic Tycoon products and services, such as the web search terms you use, the page address you visit, and other information and content details that you browse or request when using TrIdle Traffic Tycoonervices; user habits Statistical data, such as setting item information when using the TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonut method, the number of uses of some buttons, the number of words on the screen, etc. This type of data is anonymous, and TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoont locate specific users based on the uploaded data .

(2) Device or software information, such as the configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other programs used to access Idle Traffic Tycoon products or services, the version and device identification code used by the mobile device, etc.

(3) Equipment event information, such as crashes, system activities, etc.

(4) Ip address.

5. Other information collected after your consent.


2. Purpose and rules of use of information collected by Idle Traffic Tycoon

(1) We may use the collected information for the following purposes:

1. When Idle Traffic Tycoon provides products and services, it is used for identity verification, customer service, security protection, archiving and backup, etc., to ensure the safety of the products and services provided by TrIdle Traffic Tycoono you.

2. Guarantee the normal realization of the product or service function provided for you. For example: In order to realize your personalized recommendation function, understand how you access and use Idle Traffic Tycoon's products and services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, and personalized Help services and instructions, or make other responses to you and other users, etc.

3. Improve the existing products and services of Idle Traffic Tycoon and enhance the user experience. E.g

(1) Idle Traffic Tycoon may collect your browsing information, your interests and hobbies (you can choose in the account settings) for data analysis, to show you the service information you are interested in; or to show you when you search Show the content of the information you might want to find.

(2) Idle Traffic Tycoon may also obtain other information about you for reasonable needs to provide services and improve service quality, including relevant information you provide when you contact customer service, and the questionnaire sent to TrIdle Traffic Tycoonhen you participate in the questionnaire survey Reply information and related information obtained by TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonn you interact with TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonc Tycoon Empire.

(3) For the information collected from your various devices, Idle Traffic Tycoon may associate them so that they can provide you with consistent services on these devices.

(4) Idle Traffic Tycoon may combine information from a certain service with information from other services in order to provide you with services, personalized content and suggestions.

4. Help Idle Traffic Tycoon design new products and services. For example, when TrIdle Traffic Tycoonrovides certain products or services, it may invite users to participate in the "User Experience Improvement Program". For users who join the user experience improvement program, TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonl perform the use of various functions of the products and services as needed. Statistics, in this way, the quality of products and services can be improved by analyzing statistical data, and innovative products and services that are helpful to users can be launched. If you don't want to participate in the program, you can choose to turn off the related functions in the related products/services.

5. Idle Traffic Tycoon may use your relevant information to provide you with more relevant advertising or promotional information. TrIdle Traffic Tycoonay also use your information to send you marketing information through TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonervices, e-mail or other means, to provide or promote TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonird-party goods and services. If you do not want Traffic Idle Traffic Tycoonyour personal information for the aforementioned purposes, you can request Traffic TyIdle Traffic Tycoonsing your personal information for the aforementioned purposes through the relevant channels provided in Traffic TycoIdle Traffic Tycoonducts or services.

6. Software certification or management software upgrade.

7. According to laws and regulations, collect and use your relevant information in the following situations, in which case your authorization is not required:

(1) Related to national security and national defense security;

(2) Related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;

(3) Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;

(4) It is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual in order to protect the life, property and other major legal rights of the personal information subject or other individuals;

(5) Necessary for maintaining the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of product and/or service failures;

(6) Necessary for legal news reports;

(7) When it is necessary for academic research institutions to conduct statistical or academic research based on the public interest, and when they provide academic research or description results to the outside, they de-identify the personal information contained in the results;

(8) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

8. Other purposes approved by you.

In order to provide you with a better experience, improve Idle Traffic Tycoon’s products and services, or for other purposes you agree to, and subject to relevant laws and regulations, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonay use information collected through a certain product or service, Used in other products and services of TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonan aggregated or personalized way. For example, the information collected when you use one of TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonvices may be used in another service to provide you with specific content, or to show you related, non-general push information. If Traffic Idle Traffic Tycoons corresponding options in related services, you can also authorize Traffic TyIdle Traffic Tycoone information provided and stored by the service for other services of Traffic TycoIdle Traffic Tycoonon Empire.

(2) Rules for the use of your personal information

1. Idle Traffic Tycoon will use the collected information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy and to realize TrIdle Traffic Tycoon product and/or service functions.

2. After collecting your personal information, Idle Traffic Tycoon will de-identify the data through technical means, and the de-identified information will not be able to identify the subject. Please understand and agree that in this case, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonas the right to use de-identified information; and without disclosing your personal information, it has the right to analyze the user database and make commercial use.

3. Please note that all personal information you provide when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon’s products and/or services, unless you delete or refuse collection by TrIdle Traffic Tycoonhrough system settings, it will be used when you use TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonroducts and/or services. / Or continue to authorize TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoone during the service period. When you log out of your account, Traffic Idle Traffic Tycoonop using and delete your personal information.

4. Idle Traffic Tycoon will make statistics on the use of TrIdle Traffic Tycoon products and/or services, and may share these statistical information with the public or third parties to show the overall usage trend of TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonroducts and/or services. But these statistics do not contain any identifying information about you.

5. When Idle Traffic Tycoon displays your personal information, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill desensitize your information including content replacement and anonymization to protect your information security.

6. When Idle Traffic Tycoon wants to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy, or when the information collected for a specific purpose is used for other purposes, it will use you to actively check in advance. Seek your consent.


3. Information sharing, transfer and disclosure

(1) Sharing of information

1. Idle Traffic Tycoon will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than TrIdle Traffic Tycoonexcept in the following circumstances:

(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;

(2) Provide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to provide Idle Traffic Tycoon or its partners, you or other users TrIdle Traffic Tycoonr the public from damages to their interests, property or safety;

(4) Only by sharing your information can the core functions of Idle Traffic Tycoon's products and/or services be realized or the services you need can be provided;

(5) Dealing with disputes or disputes between you and others according to your needs;

(6) Provided in accordance with the relevant agreement signed with you (including the electronic agreement signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(7) Use based on academic research;

(8) Use based on social public interest in compliance with laws and regulations.

2.Idle Traffic Tycoon may share your personal information with affiliates of TrIdle Traffic TycoonHowever, TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonl only share necessary personal information and is subject to this privacy policy. If the affiliates of TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonto change the purpose of processing personal information, they will again seek your authorization and consent.

3. Idle Traffic Tycoon may share your information with partners and other third parties to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you. However, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and will only share personal information necessary to provide services. The partners of TrafIdle Traffic Tycoone no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.

4. For companies, organizations and individuals with whom Idle Traffic Tycoon shares personal information, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill require them to abide by their confidentiality agreement, requiring them to follow the instructions of TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonis privacy policy and any other related confidentiality and security measures To process personal information.

5. In order to comply with the law, to implement or apply Idle Traffic Tycoon's conditions of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights of TrIdle Traffic Tycoonyou or other TrafIdle Traffic Tycoontomers and their property or safety, such as to prevent fraud and other illegal activities and reduce Credit risk while exchanging information with other companies and organizations. However, this does not include personal information that is sold, rented, shared or otherwise disclosed for profit in violation of the commitments made in this privacy policy.

(2) Transfer of information

Idle Traffic Tycoon will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:

(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;

(2) Provide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) Provided in accordance with relevant agreements signed with you (including electronic agreements signed online and corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(4) When it comes to mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, if it involves the transfer of personal information, Idle Traffic Tycoon will require new companies and organizations that hold your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy, otherwise, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill ask the company or organization to ask you for authorization again.

(3) Disclosure of information

Idle Traffic Tycoon will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and adopting industry-standard safety protection measures:

(1) You agree to or authorize Idle Traffic Tycoon to disclose;

(2) You use the sharing function;

(3) In cases where your personal information must be provided in accordance with the requirements of laws, regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, Idle Traffic Tycoon may publicly disclose your personal information based on the required personal information types and disclosure methods. Under the premise of complying with laws and regulations, when TrIdle Traffic Tycooneceives the above request for disclosure of information, TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonl require the corresponding legal documents to be issued. TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonarefully reviewed all requests to ensure It has a legal basis and is limited to data obtained by law enforcement agencies for specific investigation purposes and with legal rights;

(4) In an emergency, to protect the legal rights or public safety and interests of you, Idle Traffic Tycoon and other users;

(5) Comply with the user agreement of Idle Traffic Tycoon related products and services or other similar agreements.


Fourth, our information security protection

1. Idle Traffic Tycoon will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose described in this policy and within the time limit required by laws and regulations.

2. Data security technical measures: Idle Traffic Tycoon will adopt security protection measures that meet industry standards, including establishing reasonable system specifications and security technologies to prevent your personal information from unauthorized access, use, modification, and data damage Or lost; TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill use security technology and procedures to monitor and record network operation status and network security incidents, and take necessary technical measures to ensure network security to prevent information loss, improper use, unauthorized reading or disclosure. For example, in some services, TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonl use encryption technology to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious methods that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do your best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonducts and services may have problems due to factors outside the controllable range of Traffic Idle Traffic TycoonTycoon Empire.

3. Idle Traffic Tycoon only allows employees and partners who need to know this information to access personal information, and has set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. TrIdle Traffic Tycoonlso requires all persons who may have access to your personal information to perform corresponding confidentiality obligations. If you fail to fulfill these obligations, you may be held accountable or be suspended from the partnership with TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonfic Tycoon Empire.

4. Idle Traffic Tycoon will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill only retain your personal information for the period required to achieve the purpose stated in the policy, unless it is necessary to extend the retention period or is permitted by law.

5. The content and information you provide, upload or publish when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon's products and services (such as photos and other information about your personal activities) may reveal your personal information. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose relevant personal information when using TrIdle Traffic Tycoon products and services. In some cases, you can control the range of users who have the right to browse your shared information through the privacy settings of certain products and services of TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonfic Tycoon Empire.

6. The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and the communication methods with other users such as e-mail, instant messaging, social software, etc. cannot be determined whether it is completely encrypted. Idle Traffic Tycoon recommends that you use complex passwords when using such tools, and take care to protect you Security of personal information.

7. Security incident handling: In order to deal with possible risks such as personal information leakage, damage and loss, Idle Traffic Tycoon has established a special emergency response team, in accordance with the company’s relevant security incident handling specifications, and launches security plans for different security incidents. Stop loss, analyze, formulate remedial measures, and cooperate with relevant departments to trace the source and crack down. At the same time, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures that TrafIdle Traffic Tycoon taken or will take, and suggestions that you can prevent and reduce risks on your own. Remedial measures, etc. At the same time, TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonpromptly notify you of the incident by e-mail, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, Traffic Idle Traffic Tycoonke a reasonable and effective way to issue an announcement. At the same time, Traffic TyIdle Traffic Tycoon proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.


5. Your management of personal information

1. You have the right to access, correct, and delete your personal information; however, the deletion or modification of related information may affect your use of related products or services or lead to the realization of some functions.

2. You have the right to change the scope of your authorization or to withdraw your authorization; you can change the scope or scope of your authorization to continue collecting personal information by Idle Traffic Tycoon by deleting information, turning off device functions, and setting privacy settings in the website or software. Withdraw your authorization. You can also withdraw all authorization of TrIdle Traffic Tycoono continue collecting your personal information by canceling your account. Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed. After you withdraw your consent or authorization, TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonnot continue to provide you with services corresponding to the withdrawal of your consent or authorization, and will no longer process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization.

3. You can also directly apply for cancellation of the relevant product account if the agreed conditions of the relevant product are met. After you cancel your account, Idle Traffic Tycoon will stop providing you with products and/or services, and at your request, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill delete your personal information.

4. Idle Traffic Tycoon will take appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can inquire, supplement, correct or delete your personal information, or apply for TrIdle Traffic Tycoon complaints through the feedback or complaint channels released by TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonated products or services. Information is supplemented, corrected or deleted; after TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonves your application, it will be processed according to the process (for example, Traffic Idle Traffic Tycoonuire you to provide relevant certificates to confirm your identity).

5. If you are unable to access, correct or delete your personal information, or you need to access, correct or delete other personal information generated when you use Idle Traffic Tycoon products and/or services, or if you think TrIdle Traffic Tycoonas any In violation of laws and regulations or the agreement with you on the collection or use of personal information, you can contact TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonough the official feedback channel of related products or services announced by TraffiIdle Traffic Tycoonrough the email bill7605486@gmail.com.


6. Protection of minors' information

1. Idle Traffic Tycoon attaches great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the consent of your parents or their legal guardian (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "guardian") before submitting your personal information.

2. Idle Traffic Tycoon encourages guardians to guide minors to use TrIdle Traffic Tycoon products and services, and recommends that minors encourage their guardians to read this policy.

3. The guardian shall bear the primary responsibility for protecting the privacy of minors in the network environment.

4. Idle Traffic Tycoon will protect the relevant information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations.


7. Disclaimer

In addition to the exemptions listed in this policy, Idle Traffic Tycoon does not have to bear any responsibility for the following situations:

1. Any personal information leaked, lost, stolen or tampered with is caused by you telling others the user password, sharing the registered account with others, or because of your personal improper keeping.

2. Any personal information leakage, loss, theft or tampering caused by force majeure that affects the normal operation of the network due to hacking, computer virus intrusion or attack, temporary shutdown due to government control, etc.

3. The leakage of personal information caused by other websites linked to Idle Traffic Tycoon and any legal disputes and consequences arising therefrom.

4. The leakage of personal information caused by other reasons other than Idle Traffic Tycoon and any legal disputes and consequences arising therefrom.


8. The scope of application of this policy

1. This policy applies to all products and services of Idle Traffic Tycoon. Specific privacy policies for certain specific products and services will be specifically specified in the relevant product and service use agreement or a separate privacy agreement. The privacy terms of these specific products and services form part of this policy. If the privacy clauses of related specific products and services are inconsistent with this policy, the privacy clauses of the specific products and services shall apply.

2. This policy only applies to the information collected by Idle Traffic Tycoon, and does not apply to any third-party products and services or third-party information usage rules, such as third-party products accepted through TrIdle Traffic Tycoon products and services This policy does not apply to the information collected by the service (including any third-party websites). TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonnot responsible for any third party's use of the information provided by you.

3. If you have any questions about this privacy policy while using Idle Traffic Tycoon products and services, you can contact TrIdle Traffic Tycoonhrough the official feedback channel of related products or services announced by TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonby email bill7605486@gmail.com.


9. The revision and effective date of this policy

Idle Traffic Tycoon may revise the terms of this policy in due course, and such revisions form part of this policy. The revised policy TrIdle Traffic Tycoonill be released in a timely manner. If you continue to use TrafIdle Traffic Tycoonducts and services, you agree to be bound by the revised privacy policy.

This policy was issued on July 6, 2021, and became effective on July 6, 2021.
